# 3590 AS 03

Firstly, I would like to choose confirmation type of response, which accepts the others experiences or emotion as well as the content, and shows the respect of the person. Confirming behaviors are shown to be behaviors that allow experience their existence and meaning as well as their connection to others. (Cissna, K. N., & Sieburg, E, 1981) So, if their boss Sarah behave the confirmation type of response, the situation would be positive and comfortable for Jasmine.

<u>Conversation</u>

Jasmine: “Hello Sarah. I think my manager Paul has been unfair in task distribution and always being harsh to her in their conversations recently. Could you please help me solve this problem?”

Sarah: “Okay, I'll help you. Could you give me any details about that?”

Jasmine provided Sarah with the details about task distribution and Paul’s attitudes towards her.

Sarah: “Oh, I see. I would feel bad as you in this situation. OK, I'll talk to Paul about it. Hope this helps you out.”

Jasmine: “Thank you so much, Sarah.”

As the conversation, 

Secondly, I would choose rejection type of response, which disagrees with the content of the message, which disagrees the content of the message and contribute a negative feedback from communication. In this situation, Jasmine possibly would not get a positive feedback for their boss Sarah.

<u>Conversation</u>

Jasmine: “Hello Sarah. I think my manager Paul has been unfair in task distribution and always being harsh to her in their conversations recently. Could you please help me solve this problem?”

Sarah: “Paul? I think he is a kind person. Why did he treat you this way? Any detail about that.”

Jasmine provided Sarah with the details about task distribution and Paul’s attitudes towards her.

Sarah: “Well. I don't think Paul was wrong. There is no absolute fairness in task distribution. If you feel that the task is heavy, others may do the same. If you don't do it well, there's nothing wrong with Paul doing it this way.”

Jasmine: “Okay, thank you.”

In this kind of conversation, Jasmine would feel unhappy and lonely due to distrust of her boss Sarah and the unfair treatment of her manager Paul, which will causes a sense of having low relational value to other people in the company, (Leary MR., 2015) such that she would be more likely choose to leave the company.

### References

Cissna, K. N., & Sieburg, E. (1981). Patterns of interactional confirmation and disconfirmation.

Leary MR. (2015) Emotional responses to interpersonal rejection. *Dialogues Clin Neurosci*. 2015;17(4):435-441. doi:10.31887/DCNS.2015.17.4/mleary