As an old Chinese proverb says, “Food is the first and foremost sustenance in people’s live.” The dietary issue can never be easily ignored and it is always a problem that the university catefeteria must pay attention to it. If the cafeteria does not care or does not handle it well, it can even affect the health of students and so their learning efficiency. As in this spring semester, many students had diarrhea and some were even forced to go to the hospital due to hygiene problems with some dishes in the cafeteria, which sparked protests from the student community and revealed the lack of attention the university was paying to cafeteria issues at the time. 

Moreover, there are some research shows that a good overall food environment of the university canteens could reduce students’ willingness to choose healthy food, such that they could developed a healthy dietary habits and maintained for life (Czarniecka-Skubina, Górska-Warsewicz, Laskowski & Jeznach, 2019). However, according to our questionnaire data, we found that almost half of the students do not have the habit of eating in the university cafeteria, they take less than the average of 10 meals per week with the cafeteria, which means that these students are likely to choose off-campus dining or takeaway that is not healthy and may increase the risk of inflection during the pandemic. Besides, our questionnaire data also shows WKU students are not satisfied with the university cafeteria, with only 5.42 over 10 of students satisfied with the cafeteria and 96% hope to increase the cafeteria's midnight snack and opening hours.

Therefore, our group analyzed the current problems of the school and gave our recommendations to the university. Firstly, the university canteen should support wide variety of food like salads, Japanses, Sichuan cuisine, and etc. Secondly, the canteen should optimize their daily menu to meet the nutritional need of students. Thirdly, the university canteen may extend the operating time, support additional midnight snack or increase the number of vending machine. Then, improve the cost-effectiveness of the canteen like improving the food condition and reduce the prices. And finally, increasse the communication between canteen managers and students to know students’ needs.

